good afternoon everyone welcome to
another Krebs coho minecraft server
update this time around are gonna be
showing you guys my progress that I've
worked on so far and admittedly it is
not a whole lot but it is uh getting
closer and closer towards that
completion now before I actually start
showing you guys who I did I'm gonna
just quickly reset time and also the
weather because for some reason it
starts raining or snowing every time I
set the time so I need to fix that up
eventually but not now i'm too lazy to
do that so as you can probably tell by
now this is quite a different land what
was I talking about in the last server
update I was talking about making the
starting spawn area the floating island
so this is going to be looking a little
bit godlike divine like in a way doesn't
it you can see these birch trees with
their strange leaves you can see this
area this uh I'm a mom structure of some
sorts where you guys will be able to or
you are with you'll spawn for the first
time when you enter the server so
imagine if you will I have just entered
the server I've just spawned and I just
spawned over here in this mystical land
you can see that the Sun shines across
the leaves in such a divine way doesn't
it so anyway let's head on down towards
this area over here and as soon as you
start approaching start making your way
into the world what you'll come across
is to crossroads over here this will
eventually entail some rules on the
server hopefully not too much but i'll
be explaining the main premise of it
being a realism server and such stuff
like that eventually though you'll have
two sides over here rules their rules
there and so on so forth and then
eventually you'll probably want to work
your way into the world and what you'll
come across is this wooden platform with
the world but if you okay and of course
if you're going to progress you go
you're gonna have to jump off so let's
take a big leap of faith and let's go
here we go falling into the world
crashing crashing right into this big
lake and having to make our way up to
the surface of the water and of course
we come across
this this landing of some source and
that is the floating island right up
there guys so I know it's going to look
a little bit weird from this perspective
when you're down on the main island but
of course that is the floating islands
where everyone will be starting off from
and they'll be jumping down into into
the real world right the real world this
is the real world don't mind some of the
stuff that's going on here like this
grass along the path that's going to be
changed and that is pretty much it and
that is the majority of what I worked on
since the last server update apart from
a free a few tweaks for example I
brought on one of my friends on the
server the other day and we balanced up
the jump quest a little bit so it's not
so to exclude some bits that were way
too easy to get through the jump quest
now it's a more balanced and a bit
harder to actually get through so that
is the whole point of it apart from that
I've done a few other tweaks such as
fixing the landmasses where these
islands were the other islands as you
can see before in the previous server
updates it was just the landmass just
went straight down there was no sloped
pneus of it going down towards the sea
bed now it has a wii slope going down so
those are minor tweaks same with the
other Island over there has a bit of a
slope going downwards stuff you probably
won't really care about but it does make
a bit of a difference and so that is
pretty much what i've done thus far ok
so what I'll be working on next is
probably hmm good question actually
probably working on more islands so that
one place where the jump quest was I'll
probably working on that next to finish
off that Island I want to change this
jungle sooner or later but I think I'm
gonna do that a little bit later because
I can't really be bothered with it just
at the moment and yeah that's pretty
much it in terms of what's the server is
going to be like I've been thinking
about a little bit more don't worry
about that glitches in the hut in the
ground that is just a little slow chunka
loading whatever that might be what the
server is gonna be like I like there to
be an end goal to everything
no I keep talking about this button and
go to the server is what ideally like to
have so of course you'll have the free
roaming aspect of it and everything like
that but I would like all these
alliances and everything to have a
meaning eventually in the server there
will be obstacles of some sort so
they'll be landmass is far away from
this main island where there will be
very very hard monsters and such and
it'll be these gigantic land masses and
the main objectives of those of doing so
of having those land masses will be to
cross cross them and to basically well I
still have to determine what the
objectives are going to be but for
example I'll maybe make it grow for the
first alliance to build some sort of
tower and center of that land mass right
and in order to get into that land into
the center of that land mass there's
going to be ravines and rivers and such
and the only way you're going to be able
to actually cross those things are to be
able to build some sort of bridge across
it and it's going to be great to have
all these alliances competing and trying
to destroy head distract each other from
actually getting that end goal right of
course these end goals such as a
building that tower in the middle of the
of the landmass will eventually lead up
to a more final goal and that final
final goal will hopefully be something
like beating the ender dragon or
whatever the very very the final boss
something like that right and this is
going to take a long time but in in that
time between all that happening you guys
will be forming alliances forming making
your own buildings across the server
terraforming land masses as you see fit
and it will be fun okay so that is what
has been going on so far of the server
and until next time see you later bye
bye